Hide gap article without braking links. (#2912)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/flexbox-gap/index.md

---
title: Chromium lands Flexbox `gap`
subhead: The CSS `gap` property is coming to Chromium's CSS Flexbox and Multi-Column layout engines. 
authors:
  - adamargyle
  - dgrogan
description: The CSS `gap` property is coming to Chromium's CSS Flexbox and Multi-Column layout engines. 
date: 2020-05-07
updated: 2020-05-18

> tags:
>   - blog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

hero: hero.jpg
alt: A brick wall with gaps.
---

{% Banner %}
Please excuse our dirty laundry. You are seeing this page so that links are not
broken. 

> A technical error has causeed this article to be pulbished before it was clear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A technical error has caused this article to be published before it was clear
```
